feat: Documentation for Honeycomv v3.3 (#115)
brown-ccv/honeycomb-docs: docs/prerequisites.mdx

[Python](https://www.python.org) is a high-level programming language. Some "under the hood" tools needed by Honeycomb are written in python so it must be installed on your system.

:::note

> Honeycomb needs Python version 3.7 or later to run - the installers use version 3.11.

Author: ```suggestion
Honeycomb needs Python version 3.10 or 3.11 to run - the installers use version 3.11.
```
